Privacy Policy for [RegioLangAI]
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Last updated: [20 Mar 2024]

[NelDevStudio] ("we", "us", or "our") operates the [RegioLangAI] mobile application (hereafter referred to as the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection And Use
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data

Usage Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").

Tracking & Cookies Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Use of Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
[NelDevStudio] uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues

Transfer Of Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside [Your Country] and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to [Your Country] and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

[NelDevStudio] will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

Disclosure Of Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Legal Requirements
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
[NelDevStudio] may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of [Your Company Name]
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability

Security Of Data
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. 
